hey guys forepaws here and today i've
got a quick tip for using your turret to
manipulate the minion line I'm gonna
show you guys an alternative method for
last-hitting underneath your Tower and
then state how this could impact your
Liam phase as always there's a ton of
context to why or when you might want to
apply what you see today in you to your
own games so for the sake of keeping
this video short I'll try to be as
concise as possible in this first
example you can see me last hitting the
minions as soon as the tower has
weakened them all this is how the vast
majority of League players last here
especially those who don't consider
factors like minion control by doing
this you will keep the minions only
Ettore for roughly 14 seconds and then
your minions will start to push away
however in the second clip you can see
me choosing to slowly last here
underneath my turret when I do this I
wait for the turret to begin shooting
the minion before I attack and this
effectively burns a tower attack and
extends the lifespan of the enemy
minions this allows me to hold the creep
line underneath my turret for an
additional 5 seconds or so and if you
can utilize this time correctly there's
5 seconds can have a big impact here are
some examples of when I choose to slowly
last hit and keep the minions underneath
my turret first of all if I'm losing the
lane or in a matchup where my opponent
can harass me quite often this allows me
to hook the tower for longer so an
example if you're playing a melody
ampion against the champion with ranged
harass such as Teemo this can be
beneficial to use it will suddenly
become harder for the team up to stone
you away from the minions and if he
attempts to poke you he may accidentally
take a tower shot this alleviates the
pressure that puts on you and helps you
stay in lane for longer and ultimately
grab more creeps core and stay healthy
while stating slowly underneath your
turret also has an impact if the enemy
jungler is camping you or simply coming
in for a gank
obviously you can always be tower dived
but junglers are a lot less likely to
attempt to dive especially in the early
levels in this example if you were to
hold your wave underneath your turret
the enemy jungler is wasting their time
Quincy or Lane is your to safety gang
and the final example of when I most
commonly use this trick is when my own
jungler is coming to visit my lane so if
we again use the concept of playing a
melee hero against Teemo
there was extra 5 seconds where team a
was attempting to harass you underneath
your turret is in over 5 seconds where
he has to overextend
this means that there is a bigger chance
that you and your jungler can connect
onto him run some CC and damage never
blows from summoners or grab a kill now
before I finish this video I would like
to quickly skim over the weaknesses of
slowly last hitting your Tori will take
more damage is the menus are hitting it
for longer
you might accidentally build up a slow
push as your minions are coming together
which often results on them folks in the
same enemy minion in the next wave and
some champions are simply not that good
at last hitting underneath their own
turret so if you're playing someone like
Swain you're accidentally going to deny
yourself CS by doing this the more you
attempt to slowly CS on the turret the
quicker you'll be able to identify when
you should utilize this and the effects
it will have on your own lane as always
guys if you enjoy my content please feel
free to leave a like down below and
don't forget to subscribe
any questions hit me up in the comments
section and I'll see you guys next time
you